docs/Event_Hierarchy.md, before:

Event - Whenever a change happens to an entity, an event get fired.
 - GatewayEvent - Events that are fired at connection.
   - ReadyEvent - Event that fired when the Discord server is ready.
   - ResumedEvent - Event fired when reconnect to the Discord server.
    <br />
 - GuildEvent - Any events that happens under a guild.
   - GuildCreateEvent - Fired whenever a guild is detected. Do not use this event.
   - GuildUpdateEvent
     - GuildOwnerUpdateEvent
     - GuildRegionUpdateEvent
     - GuildIconUpdateEvent
     - GuildVerificationUpdateEvent
     - GuildNotificationUpdateEvent
     - GuildMFAUpdateEvent
     - GuildAFKTimeoutUpdateEvent
   - GuildDeleteEvent
   - GuildUnavailableEvent
   - GuildMemberEvent
     - GuildMemberJoinEvent
     - GuildMemberLeaveEvent
     - GuildMemberBanEvent
     - GuildUnbanEvent (It is not possible to get a member instance of this event)
     - GuildMemberNicknameUpdateEvent
     - GuildMemberAddRoleEvent
     - GuildMemberRemoveRoleEvent
   - GuildRoleEvent
     - GuildRoleCreateEvent
     - GuildRoleUpdateEvent
       - GuildRoleNameUpdateEvent
       - GuildRolePositionUpdateEvent
       - GuildRoleColorUpdateEvent
       - GuildRolePermissionsUpdateEvent
       - GuildRoleSeparateListedUpdateEvent
       - GuildRoleMentionUpdateEvent
     - GuildRoleDeleteEvent
   - GuildEmojiEvent
     - GuildEmojiUploadEvent
     - GuildEmojiUpdateEvent
       - GuildEmojiNameUpdateEvent
       - GuildEmojiRolesUpdateEvent
     - GuildEmojiDeleteEvent
 - ChannelEvent
   - ChannelCreateEvent
     - GuildChannelCreateEvent
       - TextChannelCreateEvent
       - VoiceChannelCreateEvent
     - PrivateChannelCreateEvent
   - ChannelUpdateEvent
     - TextChannelUpdateEvent
       - TextChannelNameUpdateEvent
       - TextChannelPositionUpdateEvent
       - TextChannelPermissionsUpdateEvent
       - TextChannelTopicUpdateEvent
     - VoiceChannelUpdateEvent
       - VoiceChannelNameUpdateEvent
       - VoiceChannelPositionUpdateEvent
       - VoiceChannelPermissionsUpdateEvent
       - VoiceChannelBitrateUpdateEvent
       - VoiceChannelUserLimitUpdateEvent
   - ChannelDeleteEvent
     - GuildChannelDeleteEvent
       - TextChannelDeleteEvent
       - VoiceChannelDeleteEvent
     - PrivateChannelDeleteEvent
   - TypingStartEvent
    <br />
 - MessageEvent - Events that are related to a message.
   - MessageCreateEvent
     - GuildMessageCreateEvent
     - PrivateMessageCreateEvent
   - MessageUpdateEvent
     - GuildMessageUpdateEvent
     - PrivateMessageUpdateEvent
   - MessageDeleteEvent
     - GuildMessageDeleteEvent
     - PrivateMessageDeleteEvent
   - MessagePinUpdateEvent - This is just an internal event that discord fired.
     It is not possible to get the pinned message from this event.
   - MessageReactionAddEvent
   - MessageReactionRemoveEvent
   - MessageReactionRemoveAllEvent
 - UserEvent
   - UserUpdateEvent
     - UserNameUpdateEvent
     - UserAvatarUpdateEVent
   - PresenceUpdateEvent
     - OnlineStatusUpdateEvent
     - GameUpdateEvent
 - ExceptionEvent

Commit message:

Add package-info(s), Oauth. Added a webhook event

docs/Event_Hierarchy.md, after:

Event - Whenever a change happens to an entity, an event get fired.
 - GatewayEvent - Events that are fired at connection.
   - ReadyEvent - Event that fired when the Discord server is ready.
   - ResumedEvent - Event fired when reconnect to the Discord server.
    <br />
 - GuildEvent - Any events that happens under a guild.
   - GuildCreateEvent - Fired whenever a guild is detected. Do not use this event.
   - GuildUpdateEvent
     - GuildOwnerUpdateEvent
     - GuildRegionUpdateEvent
     - GuildIconUpdateEvent
     - GuildVerificationUpdateEvent
     - GuildNotificationUpdateEvent
     - GuildMFAUpdateEvent
     - GuildAFKTimeoutUpdateEvent
   - GuildDeleteEvent
   - GuildUnavailableEvent
   - GuildMemberEvent
     - GuildMemberJoinEvent
     - GuildMemberLeaveEvent
     - GuildMemberBanEvent
     - GuildUnbanEvent - It is not possible to get a member instance of this event
     - GuildMemberNicknameUpdateEvent
     - GuildMemberAddRoleEvent
     - GuildMemberRemoveRoleEvent
   - GuildRoleEvent
     - GuildRoleCreateEvent
     - GuildRoleUpdateEvent
       - GuildRoleNameUpdateEvent
       - GuildRolePositionUpdateEvent
       - GuildRoleColorUpdateEvent
       - GuildRolePermissionsUpdateEvent
       - GuildRoleSeparateListedUpdateEvent
       - GuildRoleMentionUpdateEvent
     - GuildRoleDeleteEvent
   - GuildEmojiEvent
     - GuildEmojiUploadEvent
     - GuildEmojiUpdateEvent
       - GuildEmojiNameUpdateEvent
       - GuildEmojiRolesUpdateEvent
     - GuildEmojiDeleteEvent
 - ChannelEvent
   - ChannelCreateEvent
     - GuildChannelCreateEvent
       - TextChannelCreateEvent
       - VoiceChannelCreateEvent
     - PrivateChannelCreateEvent
   - ChannelUpdateEvent
     - TextChannelUpdateEvent
       - TextChannelNameUpdateEvent
       - TextChannelPositionUpdateEvent
       - TextChannelPermissionsUpdateEvent
       - TextChannelTopicUpdateEvent
     - VoiceChannelUpdateEvent
       - VoiceChannelNameUpdateEvent
       - VoiceChannelPositionUpdateEvent
       - VoiceChannelPermissionsUpdateEvent
       - VoiceChannelBitrateUpdateEvent
       - VoiceChannelUserLimitUpdateEvent
   - ChannelDeleteEvent
     - GuildChannelDeleteEvent
       - TextChannelDeleteEvent
       - VoiceChannelDeleteEvent
     - PrivateChannelDeleteEvent
   - TypingStartEvent
    <br />
 - MessageEvent - Events that are related to a message.
   - MessageCreateEvent
     - GuildMessageCreateEvent
     - PrivateMessageCreateEvent
   - MessageUpdateEvent
     - GuildMessageUpdateEvent
     - PrivateMessageUpdateEvent
   - MessageDeleteEvent
     - GuildMessageDeleteEvent
     - PrivateMessageDeleteEvent
   - MessagePinUpdateEvent - It is not possible to get the pinned message from this event.
   - MessageReactionAddEvent
   - MessageReactionRemoveEvent
   - MessageReactionRemoveAllEvent
 - UserEvent
   - UserUpdateEvent
     - UserNameUpdateEvent
     - UserAvatarUpdateEVent
   - PresenceUpdateEvent
     - OnlineStatusUpdateEvent
     - GameUpdateEvent
   - WebhookUpdateEvent - This can be webhook create, update or delete.
   It is not possible to get the updated webhook from this event.
 - ExceptionEvent
